Release Samply.Beam 0.7.0 (#158)
samply/beam: README.md

- `body`: Supported and required for all `status`es except for `claimed`. Either carries the actual result payload of the task in case the status is `succeeded` or an error message.
- `metadata`: Associated data readable by the broker. Can be of arbitrary type (see [Task](#task)) and is not encrypted.

> ### Socket Task

Author: See https://github.com/samply/beam/pull/168

> Only available on builds of beam with the `sockets` feature 

```json
{
    "from": "app1.proxy1.broker",
    "to": ["app2.proxy2.broker"],
    "id": "<socket_uuid>",
    "ttl": "60s",
}
```

> - `from`: BeamID of the client who requested the socket connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `from`: BeamID of the client requesting the socket connection
```

- `body`: Supported and required for all `status`es except for `claimed`. Either carries the actual result payload of the task in case the status is `succeeded` or an error message.
- `metadata`: Associated data readable by the broker. Can be of arbitrary type (see [Task](#task)) and is not encrypted.

### Socket Task
> Only available on builds of beam with the `sockets` feature 

While "regular" Beam Tasks are transmitting application data, Socket Tasks are intended to facilitate direct socket connections between two Beam.Proxies.

```json
{
    "from": "app1.proxy1.broker",
    "to": ["app2.proxy2.broker"],
    "id": "<socket_uuid>",
    "ttl": "60s",
}
```

- `from`: BeamID of the client requesting the socket connection
- `to`: BeamIDs of the intended recipients. For this type of Task this is guaranteed to be be exactly one.
- `id`: A UUID v4 which identifies the socket connection and is used by the recipient to connect to this socket (see [here](#connecting-to-a-socket-request)).

> - `ttl`: The time-to-live of this socket task. After this time has elapsed the recipient can no longer connect to the socket. (Already established connections are not affected)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ttl`: The time-to-live of this socket task. After this time has elapsed the recipient can no longer connect to the socket. Already established connections are not affected.
```

}
```

Additionally, the broker health endpoint publishes the connection status of the proxies:

Method: `GET`  
URL: `/v1/health/proxies/<proxy-id>`  
Authorization:

 - Basic Auth with an empty user and the configured `MONITORING_API_KEY` as a password, so the header looks like `Authorization: Basic <base64 of ':<MONITORING_API_KEY>'>`.

> In case of a successful connection between proxy and broker, the call returns
> 
> ```
> HTTP/1.1 200
> ```
> 
> otherwise
> 
> ```
> HTTP/1.1 404
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of a successful connection between proxy and broker, the call returns `HTTP/1.1 200`, otherwise `HTTP/1.1 404`.
```

Querying the endpoint without specifying a ProxyId returns a JSON array of all proxies, that have ever connected to this broker:

Method: `GET`  
URL: `/v1/health/proxies`  
Authorization:

 - Basic Auth with an empty user and the configured `MONITORING_API_KEY` as a password, so the header looks like `Authorization: Basic <base64 of ':<MONITORING_API_KEY>'>`.

yields, for example,

```
HTTP/1.1 200
[
  "proxy1.broker.example",
  "proxy2.broker.example",
  "proxy3.broker.example",
  "proxy4.broker.example"
]
```

### Socket connections

> > Note: Only available on builds with the feature `sockets` enabled. Both proxy and broker need to be built with this flag. There are also prebuild docker images available with this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Only available on builds with the feature `sockets` enabled. Both proxy and broker need to be built with this flag. There are also prebuilt docker images available with this feature.
```

All API requests require the usual authentication header (see [getting started section](#getting-started)).

#### Initialize a socket connection
Initialize a socket connection with an Beam application, e.g. with AppId `app2.proxy2.broker`:

Method: `POST`  
URL: `/v1/sockets/<app_id>`  

> Header: `Upgrade` is required

Reviewer: Example content of this header?

> Header: `Upgrade` is required

Author: I discussed this with Jan a while ago. The standard requires the header to be set, but does not mandate a value. This is how we handle the header as well. I did not want to make the assumption of more restrictions than the standard imposes.

How would you read 
"Header `Upgrade` is required, e.g., `Upgrade: true`"?

> Header: `Upgrade` is required

Author: See https://github.com/samply/beam/pull/168

This request will automatically lead to a connection to the other app, after it answers this request.

#### Receive and answer a socket request
To receive socket connections, the Beam.Proxy needs to be polled for incoming connections.
This endpoint also supports the [long polling](#long-polling-api-access) query string semantics.

Method: `GET`  
URL: `/v1/sockets`
Parameters:

>  * The same parameters as for long-polling, i.e. to, from, filter=todo, wait_count, and wait_time are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The same parameters as for long-polling, i.e. `to`, `from`, `filter=todo`, `wait_count` and `wait_time` are supported.
```

#### Initialize a socket connection
Initialize a socket connection with an Beam application, e.g. with AppId `app2.proxy2.broker`:

Method: `POST`  
URL: `/v1/sockets/<app_id>`  
Header `Upgrade` is required, e.g. 'Upgrade: tls'

This request will automatically lead to a connection to the other app, after it answers this request.

#### Receive and answer a socket request
To receive socket connections, the Beam.Proxy needs to be polled for incoming connections.
This endpoint also supports the [long polling](#long-polling-api-access) query string semantics.

Method: `GET`  
URL: `/v1/sockets`
Parameters:
 * The same parameters as for long-polling, i.e. `to`, `from`, `filter=todo`, `wait_count` and `wait_time` are supported.

Returns an array of JSON objects:
``` json
[
    {
        "from": "app1.proxy1.broker",
        "to": ["app2.proxy2.broker"]
        "id": "<socket_uuid>",
        "ttl": "60s",
    }
]
```

#### Connecting to a socket request
After the connection negotiation above, the App can proceed to connect to the socket:

Method: GET  
URL: `/v1/sockets/<socket_uuid>`

## Development Environment

> A dev environment is provided consisting of one broker and two proxies as well as an optional MITM proxy (listening on `localhost:9090`) for debugging. As the MITM proxy interferes with SSE, it is commented out per default in `dev/docker-compose.yml`. To use it, remove the comment signs for the MITM service and the `ALL_PROXY` environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dev environment is provided consisting of one broker and two proxies as well as an optional MITM proxy (listening on `localhost:9090`) for debugging. To use it, remove the comment signs for the MITM service and the `ALL_PROXY` environment variables in `dev/docker-compose.yml`. Note that the MITM proxy interferes with SSE. 
```

- [X] End-to-End signatures
- [X] End-to-End encryption
- [X] Docker deployment packages: CI/CD
- [X] Broker-side filtering using pre-defined criteria
- [x] Helpful dev environment
- [x] Expiration of tasks and results
- [x] Support TLS-terminating proxies

> - [x] Direct-Socket connections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Transport direct socket connections
```

- [x] Crate to support the development of Rust Beam client applications

> - [ ] Efficient file transfer for large data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] File transfers (with efficient support for large files)
```

> - [ ] Broker-side filtering of the unencrypted metadata fields with JSON queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Broker-side filtering of tasks using the unencrypted metadata fields (probably using JSON queries)
```
